Update guidance on using 'hidden: true' in examples (#7301)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/contributing/testing.md

Some test files use examples from each component’s `.yaml` file, for example `packages/govuk-frontend/src/govuk/components/button/button.yaml`. When you add or update these tests, you can use the existing examples or add new ones.

> Use `hidden: true` for examples that require automated tests but have no visual changes, e.g. HTML attributes. The example will still appear in our [test fixtures](http://frontend.design-system.service.gov.uk/testing-your-html/).

Author: ```suggestion
Examples that require automated tests but have no visual changes, e.g. HTML attributes should be hidden in the GOV.UK Frontend review application using `hidden: true`.
 The example will still appear in our [test fixtures](http://frontend.design-system.service.gov.uk/testing-your-html/).
```

Some test files use examples from each component’s `.yaml` file, for example `packages/govuk-frontend/src/govuk/components/button/button.yaml`. When you add or update these tests, you can use the existing examples or add new ones.

> Examples that have no visual changes, e.g. HTML attribute changes, should be hidden in the GOV.UK Frontend review application using `hidden: true`.

Reviewer: **nitpick** Do we need more nuance, as `hidden` makes the examples not appear on the component's page in the review app. However, the example can still be accessed if needed, for example the [hidden "start link" example of the button](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/blob/cd357d1b33be497349cb268febff8a5ee03aa664/packages/govuk-frontend/src/govuk/components/button/button.yaml#L244) can be accessed at https://govuk-frontend-review.herokuapp.com/components/button/start-link/preview 😅
